Improve the Console support in Godot page (#3566)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/platform/consoles.rst

--------------------------

Regardless of the engine used to create the game, the process to publish a game
to a console platform is as follows:

- Register a developer account on the console manufacturer's website, then sign
  NDAs and publishing contracts. This requires you to have a registered legal
  entity.
- Gain access to the publishing platform by passing the acceptance process. This
  can take up to several months. Note that this step is significantly easier if
  an established publisher is backing your game. Nintendo is generally known to
  be more accepting of smaller developers, but this is not guaranteed.
- Get access to developer tools and order a console specially made for
  developers (*devkit*). The cost of those devkits is confidential.
- Port the engine to the console platform or pay a company to do it.
- To be published, your game needs to be rated in the regions you'd like to sell
  it in. For example, in North America, the `ESRB <https://www.esrb.org/>`__
  handles performs game ratings. In Europe, this is done by
  `PEGI <https://pegi.info/>`__. Indie developers can generally get a rating
  for cheaper compared to more established developers.

> Due to the process' complexity, the budget to publish a game by yourself on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the complexity of the process, the budget to publish a game by yourself on a
```
